Japan's Main Street Tokyo Ginza
Even if this city has never been warmly stored, everyone knows it
There is a famous restaurant
In Ginza 9
Commitment to the ingredients on poison Possession of the best technique The handful is curry and is really deep
Works of art of the very food also to drink taste
The time of bliss comes when you enter the mouth
Unconventional children's sushi gathers up every day
From the domestic as well as the angry places of the world
The second generation husband Yosuke Imada who protects the warmth
Kubei is also the stage of many sushi legends
It was hardly looked forward to as I proceeded
Also here it is said that the originator was gripped by the sea and go to La so-called warship winding
Fifth the time before the crisis of Imada's hero of the legend
Of which had been referred to as the disaster mitigation of
Also I'd started that by winding the glue taste has changed but rather
I think I talk to do that many things I was doing and what these horns of a revival of the inn
Always elected to the 70-year municipal assembly in the pottery industry
A revolutionary who has led the era
Because it is called a well-known store in a well-known store
The walk never stops even at one time
This shop is said to hold the Shinbinamako for the first time
The smell of ham seedling and salmon left behind by abalone
A smile that spreads out there
The times will always follow later
Try to incorporate anything that you think is good in the material of the cow
A fearless food adventurer
It is said that technology is also said to be smooth in addition to distantly
Where is the essence of the technique
You can show me a handful of yen notes
The master's successor is how to hold a book called foreign capital
Hmm
A quick skill that holds six times in an instant
The thumb desk on the way to the foro point
Look out the strong or brittle Shari completed in the recess in the recess
If you enter the mouth Shari will break off with harami and mix quickly with the story
Two- color peach origin village is open
How to hold the rice not to put your mind in mind
Hmm
But the time you are actually right is less than 3 seconds
eh
Quickly clean because you mon fish is still or fast cleanly how It was very yummy I mean
After all you should stay away
It's said that if you go inside from the other side and go inside
Yeah it's considered the most delicious
Size that is enough to eat independently
After all the shape is called body type
What a beautiful image 3
This is the weight of Kubei who aspires that everyone wants to taste once
Ultimate grip manuro
Kubei tuna
Superb raw manga all rising in the sea near Japan
Of course suppliers can collect rivals from all over Japan
Tsukiji Market
It was the place Wada 3-6 Fukuoka play that I took this day
Next , entrusting the son's attention to anyone from whom
Kubei's ko that makes it possible to inherit the warmth of one store
The
It had come true in the Omegane is
63 concurrent tuna coach
Committee tuna is not put extremely or
Among the specialties of Man who competes in the city 12
A great one that was auctioned off for Kyubei
Rests firmly fat in the belly said to be somewhat head
I 'm sure you'll be satisfied with the devices that will be specially specially prepared from now on
The third generation 's facial expression is a bit hearty talking about retirement
After all that there is only the dead of the sea near Japan
Taste
by it will be a moiety not go back to the other person
It said Osaka University eyes were purchased with confidence
The animals put the knife to the tuna
Prayer of tuna is suki house
We do not investigate purchase now
Shallow son of carrier This just is not shifted go of course to anyone of the store
It is true tomorrow before this is true
It is a grain group
One and only
Korezo is yes Konosu Rena
After all, if it is not good for the sushi shop, it will be after all
No horizontal Fortunately I I think that it means that there is also a signboard
By 's like Masho that sumo
tame
The skill of No. 4 is heightened by the following news item
See the body-law to tuna Kyubei
From mellow taste of large Toro to deliver in 2
Refreshing acidity of red meat
All books until March of Edo-style have a pin in March
The ultimate of Volume 1 day in a man-glow of Kyubei
Japan people in the not say